Not going?
Meeting your father is a mess, right?
See you in the new year, we have something to pursue,
Go to five million, just write me to sell my body,
Let their family become a circle.
Yes, your two families,
Go to five million,
With so much money, why are you asking for help?
I’ve seen people think that they spend money to hire a beautiful woman.
With a group of sentimental actors, you can pretend again,
I have seen this kind of escape too many times,
Just this fake change,
Calm down, make quick money, change.
But this beauty is pretty good and simple.
I won’t be pornographic for two days. This matter will be closed for a while.
Of course you went to Su University
don't know me
But I'm not
It’s not that my heart has become big, right?
Please show me clearly
I am Su Zhimeng, President of Suzhi Group, Su Zhimeng, Su Zhimeng
Mr. Su, President of Suzhi Group, gave him
Shopping in front of a planning project
When I'm a fool
Be careful when speaking
This is really Mr. Su
You will meet him again and again
If he loses
I'll call you daddy when I fall asleep
What's wrong with taking turns? I'm afraid.
Isn't that crazy?
Not afraid
I just don’t want a stupid son like you
He can satisfy you
Stop asking me to blow
Are you just saying that he is really a loser?
You guys don't want me to go in
inside
Came to participate in my father's karma test
How about losing from the first mate to the master?
Trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble
Trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little